if
There's a little echo, though.
Oh, OK, I know.
I heard an echo on somebody else's mic, not on mine.
That's probably mine.
I got a speaker right next to my mic.
Oh, oh, yeah.
I think you were you going to stream as well, JJ, or?
I am, but it's just going to be me.
I mean, you won't see it, right?
It's OK?
No, yeah, that's fine.
I just didn't want to.
I didn't want there to be out.
I want to do a little sound check beforehand,
make sure you weren't going to get echo while you were doing
that and all.
And that's fine.
Yeah, it's already live, so you're already doing it.
It's wrestling, well, howdy.
Let me see if I can get that up here.
OK.
This is where we are right now.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are about to talk
to Republic Broadcasting Network.
And the host's name is Stephen Whitener.
He has a broadcast called Truth.
Oh, sorry.
Thought crime.
Thought crime live.
Thought crime live, yes, sir.
I'm showing him the picture of your website right now,
so it's not that I can't read.
It's just that I was looking at a different screen.
So we're going to start that at 9 o'clock.
We're doing a sound check right now.
Steve, I'm not talking anymore to them.
I'm talking to you.
Go ahead.
Oh, terrific.
Yeah, well, thanks for joining me this morning.
It's going to be very good.
I think that my listeners really appreciate what you have to say.
I've learned a lot from you.
And you know, your real thought criminal,
that's kind of what the, and I'll tell the guy, if anybody's
watching the stream, when you could see it on the website,
what happened to me?
I worked at this hazardous waste treatment company
and blew the whistle on them back in 1990.
And how did you chloride gas?
I kind of blew the whistle on them, and it caused me.
And I kept me beat down for a lot of years.
So I started this radio show, and now I
have a lot of respect for people who speak out
and tell the truth, and I've learned a lot from you.
And that's kind of why I wanted to have you on.
I'm in your stream pretty often, and we'll
post a comment now and then.
But I'm not on there every day.
You're the go-to for me when it comes to all things
scyop COVID.
The Scooby Doo, as you call it.
Well, that's just really great to hear,
because I don't get a lot of feedback about anyone
hearing it.
So to have someone who has a platform
and is trying to get it out, also hearing it,
this really makes me have a little hope.
Yes, sir.
Well, a lot of people are going to hear it today.
And anybody in the chat, in the second hour,
they could call in to, I'll hear the phone number, too.
OK.
All right, thanks a lot.
And listen, I'll let you speak to the stream
until we come up.
You'll hear the bumper music.
And I kind of let the bumper music play a little longer.
People, that's just me.
OK, it's no problem, you know?
You just cue me in whenever.
And otherwise, I'll just try it and remain
a little quiet in the background.
I assume you can control me on mute and stuff,
so I won't worry about that.
Well, unless your own is.
But I don't hear any kind of anything
in the background, even when you're talking now.
So you probably could keep your microphone on.
OK, I do change.
I take my mute on and off when I'm not talking.
But that's just because I'm walking around here,
and there's a dog or whatever, sometimes.
But I don't hear anything now.
I think you probably could just leave it off.
OK, OK.
All right, thanks a lot.
You bet.
I guess we're all set.
Thanks, Frank, how's Texas?
I'll put the sound back in your ear when the ads start.
OK.
All right.
Everything OK down in Austin, Frank?
Oh, yeah, I'm raining a little bit.
But it's not very cold, so.
Wow.
You're pretty good, you know.
I appreciate you being there, man.
And I think you'll really like what this guy had to say.
He's very, very intelligent guy.
I've learned a lot from him.
You remember that Dermot, that Karen Devore I had on him?
I mean, this guy, I think, yeah, I think he's
like a level above that, I believe.
He's a scientist guy.
You know, he's really smart.
Yeah.
So that also leads me to the idea that I'm telling us
what their plans are is they don't really care.
So I can mute Skype.
I didn't think about that.
I'm kind of an idiot.
So I muted Skype now.
We can still hear them, but I'm not talking to them.
I'm really, really excited that Tony is saying
that he liked the show yesterday.
When that idea came into my head as I was watching Fortnite,
I thought, oh my gosh, this is such a good opportunity.
It's such a giant opportunity to show people
how this incremental step from chess to go to self-driving
is still like this tiny little start of the race
and all the way at the end of the marathon
might be understanding a genome of a small animal
or an insect.
I mean, we are galaxies away from being
able to usefully augment the genome of a human being.
Never mind just the immune system.
I mean, it's extraordinary where we are.
And I really think that some of these technological claims
that have been made by Elon Musk, especially
with regard to AI and its potential uses, especially
with regard to interacting with the brain,
these are two places where they have really put themselves
out on a limb with the claims that they've made
and the things that they've said.
And it becomes very easy to show them and show others
that these people are way out on a limb of conjecture
that has nothing to do with biology.
And if you see that so clearly as those examples,
then when you start to look at some
of these more subtle examples, and you
can see that they're actually also extended out
onto a very narrow limb.
But where they are in the canopy makes it harder
to discern that they're really only on one limb.
And all of these ideas that are around them
seem to be supporting them, but in reality, they aren't.
And that's how virology has been basically constructed.
That's what that's the kind of work we have to do.
We have to be able to teach our children that the illusion
that there is a firm foundation underneath virology,
especially RNA virology, that illusion has to be dispelled,
just in the same way that we dispel
the illusion of how great electric cars are
and how easy it is to get batteries or how dangerous it is
if they start on fire or how well the autopilot works.
And you can't underestimate how important that is.
This is the bumper music, I guess.
Good morning, Mark and Maylin.
How are you, Maylin?
Tiny little nerd burglar.
What would you say if I told you we have a new tool
that will increase production and lower maintenance costs
for your meat processing?
What would you say if we had a new tool that would lower
your maintenance costs of your meat production?
Maybe I can do a voice thing, you know?
Maybe that's a way to make some money.
I need to get a voice thing for like Gatorade or something,
though.
Can you afford not to try the ease off?
It installs fast with just three bolts
in place of your current dropper.
The effortless operation will reduce fatigue and injuries,
speed up your line, eliminate downtime,
and increase profit.
How can I order my ease off?
Go to easeoff.com, E-A-Z-E.
Ease off, baby, this sounds great.
Because we are offering $200 off on the new E-Z4
for a limited time, easeoff.com.
We make pigs fly.
We make pigs fly, wow, that's fun.
932-6419.
You're listening to Republic Broadcasting Network,
because you can handle the truth.
That's awesome.
Because you can handle the truth.
You're listening to Republic Broadcasting Network.
This is Jonathan Cooey coming to you live with Thought Crime
radio and host, Stephen Whitener.
This is the bumper music, I guess.
All right, this is going to be fun.
I am going to be a little bit limited, though.
You understand, because I will be only talking.
I don't get to draw a picture or show any pictures,
which it'll be a little bit of a challenge.
But maybe I'll still be drawing pictures for you.
We'll see.
No, I'm definitely muted.
Is this Aussie?
Sorry, I don't know this music, but it seems like it sounds
like I should know it.
Wow, doing a stream with coffee, that's a different flip.
Don't go too deep, too fast.
That's what she, I never mind.
I won't make that joke.
Yeah, that's what I thought, Aussie.
McDuff lives is in the chat, hello.
How do I rate with such a celebrity
in the chat, Mark Hewson-Tonic and McDuff in the chat?
This is a real party.
All right.
I guess he does let it play out for a little while,
but that's all right, no problem, we wait.
You guys should call in.
It looks like there's a number there,
1-800-724-2719 extension three.
Donate by phone, oh no, that's not what we want.
Where is the phone number?
Listen live, comment on air, and this is at 5-1-2-2-4-8-8-2-5-2.
And you can call toll-free at 8-100-1 or 3-1-3-9-4-4-3.
To comment on air, dial 5-1-2-2-4-8-8-2-5-2 and toll-free at 1-800-3-1-3-9-4-4-3.
That's got to be, I should be able to do some low-rent voice-overs.
I mean, come on, right?
I don't know, anyway.
I got a mic to do it.
Howdy, y'all.
Here we go.
Good morning.
Man, masters of war, wage war by way of deception.
Followed in this wage piece by way of the truth.
Good morning, y'all.
I'm Stephen Douglas Whitener, and you're
listening to Republic Broadcasting Network
at republicbroadcasting.org.
And if you've been, it's February the 3rd, 2024.
Roundhog Day was yesterday.
I'm really thrilled to be here, y'all.
I mean, RBN, it's a listener-supported platform.
And I've been here about three years.
If this is the first time you've listened to me,
or the first time you've heard Thought Crime Live,
I think we have some new folks joining today with my guest on the stream.
I want to say hello to y'all, too.
And there's also a chat that's Thought Crime Live,
chattango.com, also, if you want to join us there.
And if you can help RBN maintain this platform for free speech,
you go to publicbroadcasting.org.
There's a big yellow donate button there.
One of our co-hosts says that you can just smash it with PayPal.
And there's also a number that you can call,
if you could set up a monthly donation with a credit or debit card.
It's 800-724-2719, extension 3.
That's 800-724-2719, extension 3.
And I mean, and also with the thing happening with the truckers
that happened up in Canada, too.
And you want to remain anonymous, but still support free speech.
You can mail a check payable to RBN or a money order,
or just cash.
I mailed some cash, which probably will be a crime one of these days,
to 2251 Double Creek Drive, Suite 302, Round Rock, Texas, 78664.
I'll give that one more time.
2251 Double Creek Drive, Suite 302, Round Rock, Texas, 78664.
And I just wanted to get that in.
I'm really honored to be here.
And I am excited about the guest I have.
I have mentioned this gentleman's work before a paraphrase.
I won't go say quoted.
I've tried to paraphrase what he's had to say.
I respect people who have blown the whistle.
That just caused me.
And it caused you to tell the truth sometimes.
And this gentleman, he's a very smart guy.
JJ, let me let you give your introduction.
Tell folks who you are at gig on biological.
Good morning, Steven.
Thank you very much for having me on.
I'm not normally talking this so early,
so I really appreciate you getting me up and going.
A lot of times for me, the hard thing
is to hit the go button and go live.
And so it's very nice to have an excuse to be up so early
and doing it.
My introduction can be very long,
but I'll try to make it as short as possible.
I'm a Wisconsin boy who moved to the big city of Chicago
to go to university.
And I lived in Chicago.
Hold on one second.
You need a problem there?
No, I can't.
I'm sorry, I'm alive.
You've got to go out.
Thank you though, honey.
Shut the door.
I got my boys on that.
No problem.
Yeah, exactly.
Sorry about that.
It's OK.
RBN is listed and is used to that with me.
It sounded like someone was shoeing horses one day.
That's funny.
So I am a Wisconsin boy.
I moved to Chicago for university,
and then I spent a number of years in Chicago
as a young man kind of treading water,
trying to figure out what I wanted to do.
I went to university with the intention
of going right to med school and becoming
a big important doctor.
And then I got waitlisted for a few years in a row.
And at first, I started teaching high school
as a way of treading water.
And then that pay isn't very good.
So I started bartending at night,
and that pay is actually really good.
And a couple years in a row, I decided just to bartend.
And that, I don't know if that was the right thing for me
to do at the time from anyone else's perspective.
But I think from a sort of growing up,
young man's perspective, it was really good for me
to kind of hit a soft rock bottom with bartending
and getting pretty cocky about how the money was coming in
and whose money it was.
And I rubbed the bar owner the wrong way
by giving the keys to the wrong person
and just casually taking a day off.
And I got fired.
And it's pretty hard, in retrospect,
to come upon a bar gig like I had,
where I was working three nights a week
and making enough money and more.
And so finding another gig like that in Chicago wasn't easy.
And I was forced to kind of panic.
And I got a technician job at the University of Chicago
that reminded me that I had been a biologist
since I was a little kid and that I needed to do something
more than mixed drinks and entertain people.
And so I started working with this guy
at the University of Pittsburgh, sorry, sorry,
University of Chicago who taught me a couple techniques
that allowed me to move to the Netherlands,
do my PhD in the Netherlands, meet my wife in Amsterdam
and then move together with her to Norway
where I continued my training in a laboratory there in Toronto.
And we had a couple boys in Norway
and then we moved back to the Netherlands
with every intention of getting tenure there
and settling down in the Netherlands where her family is.
And I didn't get tenure.
I mean, I got some EU money in my first couple years there
and then I just couldn't get anything to work sustainably.
And so after four years in the Netherlands,
we had no choice really because my wife had also gotten a PhD
in plant biology, but we did not pursue her career.
She didn't really enjoy it.
She just finished her degree to finish it.
And so we moved to America because that's where I had my,
you know, previous, you know, my whole life was here.
And we moved to the University of Pittsburgh.
I'd never lived or been to Pittsburgh before.
I flew here and it's a beautiful little town
with lots of trees and hills and water.
And so from the air, it was just like,
wow, Pittsburgh is like this.
I have to admit, I grew up in Wisconsin.
I'm a Packer fan.
And when I was a child, the Steelers were winning the Super Bowls
and everybody hated Lin Swan and Terry Bradshaw.
So I never liked Pittsburgh.
I never wanted to like Pittsburgh.
And so coming here was a little weird
because I also didn't like the Pirates
because I'm a Cubs fan.
And so it was a real strange place to be so attracted to.
I had a couple of three good years
at the University of Pittsburgh,
trying to keep my career going.
And when the pandemic broke out,
I was already working on,
serendipitously, a bike ride series
where I was doing Journal Club for neurobiologists
on my bicycle, on my way back or on my way to work.
And I had an electric assist bike.
So it allows you to get exercise,
but still cover like 15 or 20 miles without killing yourself.
And so I could talk on my bike while I was riding
and it was a really cool little show
that when the pandemic broke out,
I just did a couple bike rides
where I did a coronavirus biology review.
And at some moment in 2020,
I got an email from the administrative offices
of the media department of the hospital
that is attached to the University of Pittsburgh.
The universe, it would be the UPMC medical system.
And she said that the Pittsburgh Gazette
had contacted me for an interview,
but they informed the Pittsburgh Gazette
that my expertise was not virology
and I was not to speak to them,
even if they contacted me directly.
They said they saw my YouTube channel
and they said, okay, at the end of this email
with a question mark, which I found bizarre.
And a few months later, my immediate supervisor asked me
not to come in anymore
because I wasn't getting my temperature taken
and I wasn't putting a sticker on my ID every day.
And I was also getting an arguments
with people about whether you could read
about legitimate science in the New York Times or not.
Anyway, it just so happens
that the University of Pittsburgh
had just extended my contract in July
when they sent me home in October.
So that meant I had like eight months.
And so during that eight months,
I just kept teaching immunology online
and that got me enough followers
to keep doing it for the whole year.
And then early in 2022, I got a phone call
from some guy by the name of Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
And he asked me to help consult on a book
that he released a couple months ago
called The Wuhan Cover Up.
And some of the biology that I teach every night
is definitely in that book.
And there's some quotes in there from me,
which is kind of fun.
And then for a brief period of time
for about six months after the book,
I worked for Children's Health Defense,
but my, and that's the nonprofit
that Bobby used to be the spokesperson for.
And that didn't really work out apparently
because what I do on my stream is still too raw.
And when I bumped into the management
a number of times about what I was saying
and eventually to my own surprise, to be quite honest,
my whole family was taken by surprise by it on January 4th.
They just decided to lay me off.
So we're back again shaking a can on the internet,
but we have a good little core of followers.
And I know from my previous years of doing this
that I think it's pretty important.
So we're going to try and keep it going.
I apologize for that extremely long introduction,
but it is kind of a,
it's kind of an interesting thing to hear
because it's so serendipitous that I find myself here.
It's not. Yes.
You definitely qualify as a thought criminal, sir.
I mean, to interrupt you,
but that definitely established your bona fides there.
You know, it's, and I've learned from you too.
I looked, the listeners may be aware
of some of the things that you talk about,
but you, you bring it together.
The word transfection that you use,
I think needs to be used more.
We need to spread a lot of this information far and wide.
You know, RBN listeners spread RBN too,
but you know, I see how you say that the battle is for our kids.
Let me let you get back to that
because what you have to say is even more important than that.
But I'm glad you did that because, you know,
I don't know that everybody would know.
You know, I do believe what you say in is sincere.
Okay, I've not met you personally
as I have some of my guests and all,
but I have followed you and do trust
what you say to be sincere.
Well, I mean, that's really, I really appreciate that,
but I also want to emphasize to everybody that's listening
that one of the core messages
that I try to put out every day is that we all,
as adults, have to take responsibility for learning this.
It can't be something where, you know,
we have a friend that knows about used cars,
and so we're just gonna rely on our friend
to help us buy a used car or whatever.
We've got to really learn this biology ourselves
because it is who we are and it is who our kids are.
And if we don't impart this understanding
of what is sacred to our children,
then they're gonna grow up believing whatever the TV
and social media, which is even worse, tells them.
And that's, I think, the other transition point
that I'm, you know, as a biologist,
it seems kind of weird to emphasize this all the time,
but we are, you and I, I think, I'm 52,
we are a generation that can understand
the transition that we're at,
because we grew up at a time where kids would be bored
and then get in trouble outside.
We were a generation that the solution was,
get out of the house, don't come back and tell dinner.
And that kind of growing up with boredom
that you yourself are responsible for filling,
something that I see in my kids all the time,
they don't experience it because they have a number
of place fillers that are ready and waiting
so that they never have that problem.
And when we were kids, that would have been like
daydreaming, watching TV, but it's much worse now
because they're putting short,
sometimes malevolent thoughts in their heads.
And that includes these ideas about scary biological
phenomenon that probably don't exist
in order to govern the globe.
And so my main message,
and I think that's what you're trying to get me to spit out here,
is that as a biologist, I walked into the pandemic
thinking that vaccinations in general were a good idea.
And that maybe the United States applied
some of these vaccinations too early or too often,
but I had not yet evolved my thinking to the stage
where I was considering the possibility
that they could just be wholly unnecessary
or that they are being applied in a criminally negligent way.
But when the pandemic came around
and they started saying that they were gonna use
this technology called transfection to immunize,
old people, I immediately saw that they were also
eventually going to, they were thinking
that they were going to immunize everybody this way,
it started to really upset me
because I have been using transfection
for between 10 and 15 years in my own work on mice.
I understand what it's meant to do,
but I also understand that there are tremendous limitations
to trying to do these kinds of things in a living system.
And so unlike all the work that I've ever done
where part of the built-in plan is to sacrifice the animal
in order to accurately describe the anatomy
of the locations that you recorded from
or the cells that you modified,
we don't plan to do any of those things
with an old person or a young person that we transfect,
we want them to live a long, healthy life.
And that's not something that anybody
in my neck of the woods when using transfection
ever had as an expectation.
I'm with the barrel, healthy meats that have planes like natural
or free range or even cage free in terms
that were actually created by the industrial food industry
to make us feel all warm and fuzzy
about buying the low-quality products.
I'm talking about truly nourishing pasteurized meats,
the kind that you'll never really find in a grocery store.
Our farmers are doing things beyond organic.
Our beef is 100% grass-fed and grass-finished
and raised on pasture-free food.
I'm working on that, Jeffrey.
Trust me, that's part of the whole clone thing
that I'm trying to really, I got to nail it all the way down
before I start doing it.
Because this is the end of that.
That whole argument about clones and RNA fidelity
could potentially end a lot of this discussion
and unite the disparate positions on no virus together in one.
So we got to do it right, but I'm definitely working on it, Jeffrey.
Good to see you.
You hear about where your food comes from
and you have definitely made it to the right place.
As a wild casters member, you'll be supporting
the most highly principled farmers in America
and getting the most nutrient-dense,
nourishing and sustainable meats in the world.
From confident, you'll love being part of our mission
at Wild Pastures, and you will really love
the delicious, nourishing meats
that we're going to deliver straight to you tomorrow.
Visit Republic Broadcasting Network
and click the Wild Pastures banner app.
Secure shipment today.
Beef, poultry, and pork.
Raise the weight, nature, and tenant.
Psychedelic beef.
That's what the music sounds like.
Interesting news.
Due to all the recent claims about possible nuclear wars,
viruses, solar flares, and civil unrest,
people are scrambling to prepare and stockpile food.
But the one thing out of reach for a minute
is an underground bunker.
I'm going to get my re-print.
Until now.
Because you can now have a 3D-printed underground bunker
in just one day.
Unexcovator digs a hole in your backyard,
and 3dbonkers.com shows up in a small truck
and sets up their 3D printer under a tent
completely on the tent.
They can print as many rooms as you want
and a fraction of the cost
compared to traditional metal bunkers.
3dbonkers uses polymer concrete,
which is five times stronger.
3dbonkers uses concrete.
Hello, welcome.
Welcome, welcome, welcome.
3dbonkers is looking for a business partner
that can help bring this technology into the world
as we need to protect our way of life
without living in free contact Brad
at 3dbonkers.com for more details
or visit 3dbonkers.com.
MUSIC
1, 2, Hall, OK.
Testing 1, 2.
Test 1, 2, there it is.
Hello, welcome, hello, there it is.
MUSIC
Bunker won't save you, that's for sure.
A bunker will not save you from this shit.
MUSIC
And welcome back, y'all.
You're listening to Thought Crime Live
on Republic Broadcasting Network.
And I'm joined by Jonathan Kui, JJ Kui,
of giga-arm-biological.com.
And, you know, as a kid, I wanted to have chemistry set
when I was six years old.
I remember when I looked at science
as to something that would elucidate
what was the sacred biology.
Now, since it's been Frankenstein since then, you know,
when I, the more I learned,
it just, let me let you go back to you.
I just relate so much to what you say, sir.
Well, that's very nice.
I guess you just kind of triggered in me something.
I just did a show yesterday, which I think
can bring a bigger picture idea
to the forefront a little bit
in terms of how they've convinced these people
to participate in this.
And one of the things that I think needs to be made clear
to the, again, we're talking to college age kids.
We're talking to young kids whose teachers
in their schools are probably a little confused
about this as well.
But we need everybody to understand
that artificial intelligence is being hyped
as something with potential very much
in the same way that genetic therapies
were hyped in the 80s.
There's a really interesting sort of anecdote
that I can tell you of a guy by the name of Robert Malone
who was cutting his teeth
in some of the most important virology labs
and surrounded by some of the most important virologists
in the late 70s, early 80s
in his graduate school work.
And during his grad school work,
he had the choice of working with some of the,
at the time, preeminent biologists from Murray Gardner
to Robert Gallo to even to somebody like David Baltimore.
And so all of these, you know,
grandfathers of modern virology circulating as a postdoc then
convinced him that in 10 or 15 years
that virology was going to progress at such a pace
and our understanding of the genome
was gonna progress at such a pace
that there would be genealogists or geneticists
that were using retroviruses to cure childhood diseases
in every local hospital in the nation in a few years.
And so what we need to understand as adults
that we can partake or impart on our children
is that these stories of what was about to happen
when we understood the genome better
or when we had faster computers
or when we collected enough data
that we were finally going to be able to crack the code,
so to speak, they've used that phrase a lot
to imply that we're going to be able to see the blueprints
and the instruction manual of life.
And once we do that, we won't need God anymore
or God will be irrelevant or we'll finally have proven
that God doesn't exist because we will have attained
this transhuman mastery of ourselves.
This story, Steve, has been told for decades,
especially in secret meetings and in meetings
of secret societies and meetings of really rich people
at very expensive dinners talking about their plans
for how they're going to govern the world.
This mythology about how eventually if we collect enough data,
there will be enough numbers, enough measurements
that an AI will be able to take that data
and convert it into understanding.
That has been sort of belied by the progress
of understanding chess versus understanding
the Chinese game Go versus understanding now.
The example that I used yesterday in my show was the success
or lack of success of the autopilot in Tesla.
And one of the things that I think is now becoming more
and more especially obvious with regard to Elon Musk
and some of the things that he claims is very similar
to how all of those virologists, Bamboozled Robert Malone
when he was a young guy so long ago into believing
that genetic technologies were going to evolve
at light speed and that within 10 years there would be
a geneticist that could fix childhood diseases
using retroviruses, they are bamboozling us
into believing that eventually with enough cores
or with enough time or with enough data,
artificial intelligence is going to be able to do things
that heretofore were considered impossible
or at least borderline magic.
And I really can't emphasize enough how even
if this is a future possibility, we are not scratching
that surface of that future possibility yet
and that these people are actually enchanting our children
with this idea that AI is so powerful,
you might as well go limp.
AI is so amazing that you might as well forget about it
that everything that you're going to do and learn
in the future is going to be better than done better by AI
so there's no reason for you to learn to draw,
there's no reason for you to learn to paint,
there's no reason for you to make music,
there's no reason for you to be creative,
you have been relegated to basically nothing
and that we have to break it.
Yes.
Bottom of the hour break.
Thanks JJ, that's terrific.
Oops, I don't know how this is working
so we're just playing along, trying to give them a sound bite.
I don't know if this is working or not.
It's very interesting to do it this way,
I don't know what to say other than it's very interesting.
We've got a song and then we're probably going
to have another thing.
How do I do that where I get that off?
So I have to turn that one off better.
We're going to have another rock and roll.
Test, test, test, test, test, test.
You are tuned in for the Republic Broadcasting
Tesla, this is our website by going to republicbroadcasting.org.
Yeah, I wouldn't be licensed to have a,
I would like to have a flashing light.
People often write to tell us what has happened for them
since starting Extendivite.
Allow me to read one.
This product has been a godsend for my father,
who suffered from a heart attack about two years ago.
He was prescribed medications for him.
So you're saying I need to start a talk radio show or what?
He almost died, but he has to be able to afford
most of the medications.
After researching alternatives, I have to talk to Ted.
Maybe Ted can hook up some kind of live audio only on my website.
That would actually be really Ted.
If you are there, that's actually a really good idea.
Maybe we could just have like a stream that's audio only.
And I'm grateful that it is available.
I don't know how I would send that out.
Maybe there's a, let me see if I can do that.
9288822 or visit Extendivite.
So I got nine minutes.
Nine minutes.
I'll set my little thing here.
It's at my little thingy here.
It's at your life.
We can't go by.
Are you sick of censorship?
T.R.U.
Sick of censorship.
D.L.B. stands for truth, liberty, and balance.
We are the newest and most unique social media.
Is your name, Bill of Betancourt?
Have you written a blog that's made people angry?
Then call now 1-800.
All my blog makes people angry, but people are united.
With that vision, T.L.B.
Talk was born.
Our battlefield is in cyberspace.
The battle we're in can be won by clicks of buttons
and voting with your wealth.
T.L.B. Talk has no hidden agendas, no corporate funding.
And we do not sell, trade, or give away
any of your information.
Our platform runs off of generous donations
of members and merchandise profits.
So please check out our site.
It's the best around.
And be sure to stop by our store.
It's loaded with items that'll have you feeling
a sense of member pride and victory.
It seems like a flying by my seat of the pants kind of deal.
He's not asking any questions, so I
would like it to be giving me a little direction, but it's
all right.
Hi, Tom Bolton.
Oh, that was a pig.
I know so many of you are finding our easy four carcass drop
and lift, an essential tool for your meat processing
operation.
The carcass drop and lift.
Wow, that's some weird weird.
First, our right height, weird advertisement.
Steel or aluminum frames.
Our customers love this back-saving innovation
that enhances sanitation and speeds production.
Next, our beef cradles with stainless steel or aluminum
frames eliminate rust and corrosion.
We hope you'll compare our quality and prices
for this essential part of your processing line.
Our cradles are especially effective when
used with our power skinner.
And finally, our hook tumbler will keep your hooks clean
and polished.
Esauff.com.
I actually have a good transition now,
so hopefully he'll just hand it off to me one more time.
Tails 2.
Esauff, LLC.
You've got to write that down.
417 932 6419.
I can just do a confession right now.
I wouldn't be good enough to pick up my guitar and play
with this.
It would take me a while, and I would look like a fool.
So don't think that that guitar is back there
for any other reason than to admit that I'm a beginner.
I've always been a beginner.
I appreciate you joining me today.
I have.
It is Dr. Cooey, though, isn't it, John?
I mean, I just have to say that I wanted the listeners to.
Yeah, you are.
You're Dr. Cooey, too, right?
I mean, you're a research scientist.
I think you might be a humble one.
That's a rare thing.
I am a PhD.
I don't say doctor because I feel like a lot of people get
confused, and I think it's better if you're a PhD to just say
Mr. And not confused anyone.
You know, like Mrs. Biden is also a PhD,
but she calls herself Dr. Biden all the time.
And I feel like that's really disingenuous.
She confuses everybody with that.
But you can.
You can look me up on PubMed.
The listeners know that, yes or go ahead.
Yeah, you can look me up on PubMed, though.
And you can find that I've been a legitimate academician.
I usually call them nowadays.
For a very long time, I was going for tenure.
I wanted to be a professor.
That was my goal.
And I did really enjoy that job.
I do really enjoy it.
Because as a professor, as a research professor,
one of the things that's involved in that
is having apprentices.
And the grad students that come work with you,
they call them grad students.
But what they really are are apprentices.
And you're teaching them basically
to learn how to write grants, learn
how to formulate experiments that get funded,
and learn how to do the experiments that get funded.
Now, I could do the experiments, and other people
could write, but I couldn't combine those two.
And so that's why I didn't really succeed.
But part of the reason why I think I didn't succeed
is because I didn't really understand how the sausage was
made.
And the way the sausage is made is how
you can extend the answering of the same question
over several years or several projects.
And it's not to say that these people
do it with disingenuous or malevolent ideas in mind.
But they've come to understand that's how the system works.
The grant proposal NIH system is not
designed to solve problems and then move on.
It's designed to sort of explore a possibility space.
And even when the possibility space
has now been exhausted, oftentimes
the funding mechanism is set up in such a way
that all of the people that are dependent on that funding
mechanism are unwilling to admit that the question has
been answered.
And so the funding will not be removed from them
because it requires the funding.
In order for the funding to move on,
those people have to agree collectively
that that question has been answered.
And so you get this incredible inertia in academia
where the same question gets asked many, many times
by many, many people.
And you might think that that results in thoroughness,
but in a malevolent system where you
have pharmaceutical companies and other weaponized piles
of money influencing that, you can get a lot of dead space
in academia where the same bad ideas are pursued for decades.
And that's where you get statins.
That's where you get all these bad cancer treatments.
That's where you get billions of dollars thrown into the wind
when we know that there are certain good ideas that
should be pursued.
But then you'd have billions of dollars
in lots of people out of work or lots of people
having to shift their whole paradigm.
And that might even include the money
that they're making with the products that they sell.
And so this is really a spectacular time
because it took me getting kicked out of that moving truck
where I was like, but I really like my job
and I'm really good at it.
Why would you throw me out?
And I just couldn't understand it.
I had, it took me a long time to realize
that I was not, I was never gonna be let back in.
I really thought at some point they were gonna come around
and they were gonna see I was right
and I would be back to neurobiology
and everything would be great.
And I, it took me a long time to accept
that what I was doing was gonna permanently ostracize me.
And it's probably how you felt all those years ago
when you spoke out that you thought you were doing
the right thing and that people would listen
and that these problems would get fixed.
And instead it's like, no.
And in fact, it's worse than that.
You have essentially admitted that you will not play.
And it's since you're not gonna play, you gotta go.
So that's where I found myself.
I've been there in a way just,
but that was, you know, with the Aqua Tech thing,
but it just, I, it beat me down for so many years
it's only when I started to talk back again
to stand up that I started to change myself a little bit.
That's, that's where the real battle took place.
And like, I think that the most important battle after that
is just as you were pointing out with our kids,
you talk of college age kids too, but I mean, public school,
public indoctrination systems are just,
they're, that's weaponized too.
That's such a trauma-based mind control thing
they were doing there with the masks
and it looks like they look like little prisons now to me
when I got, when I was going.
It just, that's a different subject, but let me,
you said that you followed the way this illusion
of consensus was created to sell that a pathogen
made its way around and around the world.
And that's not true.
That just, the data doesn't back that up at all.
And you wanna just start with there,
cause if anybody, I can hear people saying,
well, I tested positive for this and then you know,
it's like, oh, I just, I have to step away from that
and not even pay any attention to it.
And those tests are just worthless to me.
Why, I don't care what that rapid COVID test says.
Who, you know, that's irrelevant to me.
To me, that's a weapon used against us
and I just don't have anything to do with it.
But what would you say to somebody who is still
in that paradigm?
How would you, how would you go about that?
So that's a, that's a tough one, right?
You're describing the deepest of the deep people
and that we have to realize that before too long,
we're gonna have to just do things anyway.
I'm not saying we leave them behind,
but some people are gonna be unrescuable.
But from that perspective, one of the best places to start
that sometimes wakes people up is to ask them,
what do you think would have happened
if we would have rolled out all of these tests in 2018?
What would we have found?
Nothing.
And just leave it there for a second.
Just let them think about the possibility
that there were at some point in 2021,
there were 254 different emergency use authorized
testing diagnostic products in America alone.
Now, how many of those products were brought to market rushed?
How many of them were brought to market
without proper quality control?
How many were brought to market without proper testing?
We don't know because all of those,
and I mean literally all of those products
are gone.
They're not there.
You can't find an example of them to look and see
and test again to see if those were really good products
or that that company was doing what they were doing.
There were so many instant startup companies
that bought molecular biological tools,
ordered the reagents and purported to be doing weekly
testing for police departments and places all around
the United States, and all of those companies are gone.
They're gone.
The companies that made millions of dollars
testing police officers every day in California,
those companies are gone.
So we can't look at what amplicons they amplified,
what primers they used, what machines they worked on.
We don't even know if their protocols
are still on a piece of paper somewhere, and they're all gone.
And so what you need to ask those people to get them started
is to think what would have happened
if this large group of products and equipment
and machines was rolled out in 2018
and all of these places at the same time
and they started testing.
Do you actually believe they would have found nothing
until October of 2019, and that you would have been able
to chart its accurate spread from Wuhan all around the world?
Because that's what they want you to believe.
And there is no precedence in biological history
for a molecule of RNA to be able to high fidelity copy itself
for five years sustained.
It's never even come close.
And so if you can point out that what we are essentially doing
is taking lots of pictures that we never took before
and claiming that, look, every time I take a picture
in my backyard, I see a cardinal.
And you have no pictures from 2018.
And so you claim that the Cardinals just came
and they're infesting your backyard.
But if you had pictures from 2018,
you would see that the Cardinals were there too.
And so the big picture is trying to make people understand
that the possibility is endless
because we've gone from not measuring anything
to having a million thermometers
in every location in the world
and then claiming there's global warming.
We have no measurements from before 2020.
So how can you put this into context,
especially when you're taking the test seriously,
even when you don't have symptoms?
That's where this all spiraled out of control
was the idea that we could track this RNA
even when symptoms weren't present,
these tests were purported to be meaningful.
And so if you combine these four or five observations
that there were 254 at the maximum sometime,
different diagnostics that are all gone now
and that we don't have any control data
from pre-pandemic to know whether any of these diagnostics
would have brought the same signal then.
And so therefore, the idea that this is just the evidence
that we need to understand
that there is a phenomenon happening now that started
but wasn't happening in 2019
is just an absolutely false dichotomy that we cannot accept.
It's not either or, it is that it could have always been there
or a signal that was there could be confounded
as this agent.
And it's so much safer for the people that run this show
for it to be a giant pile of misleading statements
and outright lies than it is to be some combination
of cover-up and bio-weapon.
Yeah, it's just about deception.
And as you pointed out, the protocols were what caused,
well, you didn't point out here,
but you have that the protocols
was what spiked the mortality
and that there was no spread from country to country
that showed up with the only thing there was a pandemic
of was fear and compliance.
Absolutely.
And I think as you just said,
that's before we go to break, I think it's coming soon.
The idea that what they did was have us focus
on the wrong questions in 2020 and 2021
so that you and I wouldn't notice
that they were killing people with ventilators.
We wouldn't notice that they were killing people
with anesthesia and revdesivir.
in old folks' homes and we would be thrown these numbers
out of context and the confusion and uncertainty
and doubt that those numbers and the illusion of consensus
on TV and social media about what those numbers meant
made us very, very unlikely to question the basis
for what they were saying and the basis for their projections.
And it took us because of the effectiveness
of this operation and getting us to solve the mystery
of the novel virus and whether they were lying about it
being a lab leak or a natural virus,
got us to avoid asking the question
of do we really have something here or not?
And that was what it was.
It was panicking us into asking the wrong questions
for three years.
And if we asked the right questions in 2020,
like some of these people were,
we would have avoided this mess entirely.
I think it's clear that this was a military operation.
Absolutely.
War crime committed against every person on the planet.
This depopulation agenda is part of it,
but it's also about creating that new control grid
with the central bank digital currency,
the vaccine passport, the proximity sensors
with this little NSA low jack I have in my hand,
I call it, you know, this thing is a weapons platform.
I talk about that a lot too.
And it just, that's part of it.
The whole thing is part of a whole, you know,
you have to, they're bringing this together
as a control grid.
It's not one thing or another.
And that part's really scary.
I really appreciate you coming on.
We don't have a break until a couple of minutes,
but you guys, next hour, if you have questions for a change,
you can call 512-248-8252, that's 512-248-8252.
But let your chat know that too.
So next hour, we'll take some callers.
And you just mentioned Rhett Weinstein too,
how he was put in place, and a lot of other people
were put in place to create this thing.
And I saw something with him the other day.
And do you want to speak about that?
Sure.
You said that the fair and cleavage site and all that,
yes or go ahead.
Sure.
So what I think, one of the things that people are forgetting
are some of the things that are easy to forget.
If you weren't involved in it like I was
from the very beginning, is that in 2020,
there were certain parts of this biological narrative
that were emphasized by everyone.
And some of the people that were emphasizing it early
had no business knowing it.
And this comes down to this fear and cleavage site,
which is essentially an enzymatic cleavage site,
which was purported to be an unnatural signature
in the spike protein of the original virus.
And so here you have a bunch of people
in the backwoods of the internet
that are already aware of the spike protein
of coronavirus as being the immunogenic protein
and already aware that a fear and cleavage site is dangerous.
And some of the people that were made aware of this
were had to have been planted.
Because in the end, the fear and cleavage site
wasn't tracked, they didn't wait for the cleavage site
to disappear and then announced that the fear
and cleavage site had gone away in variant V.
And so now it was much safer.
They started this whole narrative in 2020
with the idea that the fear and cleavage site,
and we've heard this just recently
from the US Right to Know story,
that the fear and cleavage site is what allowed the virus
to become the most infectious virus in 100 years.
But then if it's such an important aspect
of the virulence and the infectivity of the virus,
why weren't we tracking the presence of the fear
and cleavage site for the entire pandemic?
And we were sequencing it, we were sequencing the whole virus,
but nobody ever talked about
whether the fear and cleavage site was changing
or disappearing or whether some variants
still had it and others didn't.
And this is a key, key thing to see
that we were encouraged to argue about that
for a year and a half and in reality,
it was never meaningful.
And in fact, what we should have been arguing about
is should we be using remdesivir on old people?
Should we be giving these people antibiotics or not?
Should we be using steroids or not?
Because instead they had a protocol.
And if you declared people,
if you declared that people were COVID,
then you were completely off the hook for any malpractice
and you could do whatever you want,
as long as it was on the CDC protocol.
It's really frightening.
That's the deal with the protocols,
is they distracted us so that we wouldn't notice
that they were creating these mass casualty events
that they could misconstrue as spread.
We'll be right back, folks.
Yeah, thanks very much, Judge, we'll be right back.
MUSIC
HUHA!
It gets to be like, I saw it,
he gave me a 22nd morning over there, which was handy.
HUHA!
Are you guys going to call in or what?
It's here 512-248-8252.
There used to be this guy in Chicago called,
well, he was in other cities too,
Man Cow's Morning Madhouse.
Did you ever hear this in the 2000s?
And you were supposed to call in
and you always had to say,
hey, Man Cow, I love you, love your show.
It was really, it was a funny thing
for a while in Chicago.
I don't know where he was syndicated,
though I don't think he was in Chicago.
Man Cow's Morning Madhouse, you remember that?
Anybody?
No.
Homeowners, are you in foreclosure?
The closure lawsuit for Suspector Lender
has coerced you into an illegal mortgage transaction.
A huge number of mortgages made in the last 10 years
have legal issues and are possibly defective.
State laws and the US Supreme Court have upheld.
I hope my wife is home because the kids
are really probably burning the house down right now.
In favor of the homeowner, if your mortgage has been sold
or is not going to ask her if she's home.
It may be defective and you may be...
Thanks for listening, guys.
Thanks for being here.
What advice would you give a teenager aspiring
to become a medical doctor at these types?
Yikes.
Wow.
Interesting question.
That's going to be tough.
It's too bad there's a person that's in the chat
every once in a while by the name of Elizabeth Rogers.
And she's a recent graduate and she's having
a lot of trouble integrating because of her understanding
and how that's not very acceptable in America.
Is the Supreme Yoga.
I didn't see her in the chat yet,
but she's sometimes here at night.
She's real cool.
The towers above all the herbs, herbal minerals
and earth-made adaptions.
What's up?
Oh, picture of the doggy.
Nice.
That have the ability to synergistically make better
and carry other substances to its prescribed definition.
Yeah, you could become a D.O.
Most any herb, food or mineral is amplified
with ionic potential.
Superimposing superior efficacy.
Learn the guitar.
Ha ha ha.
Sorry, I do that online.
My headphones get really itchy.
I apologize for that.
That's kind of gross probably for some people
to think that's gross, but my ears are so clean
because I do it like 50 times a day.
And the Supreme Yoga.
I don't know if you know this,
but dogs really love to have their ears scratched
and I'm kind of like that.
The healing power of music.
RBN when ordering.
That's G-O-R-B-N.
Mm-mm.
Oh, his wife is a recovering COVID nurse, he says.
Well, didn't know that.
They're hanging over their heads
whenever they're using pharmaceutical drugs.
For some, the short-term relief can turn
into an opioid addiction nightmare.
Oh, nice commercial.
CBD oil is a billion dollar industry.
CBD oils and opioids.
What's better than opioids
and is actually healthy for you.
However, CBD oil is stripped of all other helpful compounds
found in the hemp plants.
According to neuroscientists, the whole hemp plant,
otherwise known as hemp paste,
is even more effective than the chemically processed CBD oil.
Are you ready to take back your health?
You can try hemp paste for the price of a cup of coffee.
hemppaste.com slash RBN.
Free shipping on orders over $50.
See the banners for hemppaste at republicbroadcasting.org
and visit hemppaste.com slash RBN.
Become a naturopath, but I don't know where you go
for school like that.
Where do you go to school for a naturopath?
Hey, welcome back, thought criminals.
You listened to Thought Crime Live
on Republic Broadcasting Network.org.
And let me turn it back over to you, JJ.
You got interrupted there.
We were talking about whether this thing even really
was it ever really sequenced?
Does it even, you know, that it was all a tool of control
and manipulation, I believe?
Yeah, thanks.
The two things that we talked about in the previous breaks,
one was just the misrepresentation of transfection
as a methodology that might be useful in healthy humans.
And the other one was talking about the misleading
sort of exaggeration of the power of AI
and what AI really is versus what it isn't.
I think one of the things to combine those two ideas together
would be to make people realize that transfection,
which is this general term which describes the use of DNA
or RNA to express a protein in anywhere.
So if you use it in a cell culture, it's transfection.
If you use RNA or DNA to express a protein in a mouse,
it's transfection.
If you do it with injection into a plant, it's transfection.
And so this is a very general term
that's been around for a long time.
And there's lots of companies that have had various products
called transfection agents that have been like lip effectamine
or gold particles or you can even use electricity to do it.
So the idea of applying transfection
to usefully augment the human genome or the human animal
is something that they have seen as a coming technology
for many, many years, but they've also known
that there's no way to usefully start to understand
how to employ this methodology
by doing proxy studies in mice or in monkeys.
And the reason why those don't work is because
the complications that are a mouse
or the complications that are a monkey
and the complex sort of pattern integrity
that those animals are, they are sufficiently specific
and sufficiently different from our own
that although we can learn general principles
about how these biological systems work
by studying those animals, what we learn from monkeys
and mice as we get more sophisticated
becomes ever more specific for mice and monkeys
and ever more non-relevant for our own biology.
And they have known this for decades, Steve.
So one of the things they need to do is to transform
the way our children think about their own sovereignty
over their bodies so that they accept the fact
that if we're gonna get to this next stage of medicine,
which is personalized medicine,
you're gonna have to accept that we don't test things
in randomized control trials anymore.
We test things on you.
And so this is really part of the inversion
that was going on right now
was trying to invert the idea that you have the choice.
No, now we're telling you what you have to do.
And this inversion is not for us.
They knew that we were gonna complain until we were dead.
But it's for our kids and that's really what it,
that's why I keep emphasizing it.
They want us to pass this compliance onto our kids.
Yes, I agree.
If we, I see it in the young ones that are always
on the screen, just like you were talking about
how we, oh, how we were bored as kids.
Oh, I see you're the top of the hour folks.
We'll be taking your calls all next hour.
Hang on, thought criminals, be right back.
Yeah.
You know, they could replace doctors with some AI.
I mean, AI is not that it's useless.
It can, it can speed things up and it can make,
it can make certain diagnosis faster and more accurately
like when they're looking at X-rays or MRIs and stuff like that.
But it's still ultimately is, is being trained by a human.
And so you're never gonna, you're, you're setting in motion
something that you train, just like what you're doing in case
you didn't know every time you're doing one of these,
these capture things, you're actually training an AI
to identify the motorcycle.
You're identifying the stairs.
You're identifying the trains.
You're teaching an AI there, not any different than what they do at Tesla
when they label all these videos by hand in order for the AI to have the data.
It's the same thing and they want to do that with the human genome.
And that's where it's really ridiculous because what are they going to measure?
What are they going to annotate it with?
iPhone data, heart rate, temperature, you know, these are very crude measurements
that don't tell them anything about the dynamic pattern integrity that's going on
that's you, you know, so that's where we are.
It's a southern revolver.
I'd rather be ruled by China than Jews.
Call it with the anti-Semitic marks, right?
Ooh, anti-Semitic, what the hell?
You steal and elect him and terminate the Republic.
It doesn't mean it's determinates the people.
Ooh, some, some pretty crazy, uh...
Take the vaccine.
Ooh, cute little gates.
Thought criminals, though.
There was a way for you still on 10 or six.
What needed to be done is to object to every single state.
We've got another hour yet, so I've got to, I've got to, hopefully there's some coffee
coming down here.
I need some coffee.
The Patrick and Jeremy show, Tuesday at nine central and Wednesday at one central.
You can't handle the truth!
You're listening to Republic Broadcasting Network.
Visit republicbroadcasting.org today because you can handle the truth.
I think we're back.
Yeah, but nursing is brutal.
Oh, my gosh, nursing is brutal.
Um...
Don't you mess with the wall?
Talk about coming in on the low end of the totem pole.
You were built in that plane.
You were built all around.
You were the high beyond walls.
You were the high behind houses.
I just want you to know I can see three of us.
I want you to know.
75 people watching.
Wow, thanks, guys.
Thanks for being here.
That's really cool.
I appreciate that.
I would be, if I was doing this, I would be playing, um, I would be playing immortal
technique.
Uh, I like that.
The dominant species.
I think that's the song I would use.
If it wasn't so, it's got efforts in it, and I know people don't like that.
But otherwise, I would use that song every day on my show.
I don't know if this is Aussie or Sabbath, and I know that makes me a loser, but, uh,
I didn't listen to Aussie and Sabbath enough.
It was always my roommates who played that stuff.
I was really into technical music, I'm very sorry, but I really liked.
Bayla Fleck of the Fleck tones describes everything that I am and everything that
I wanted to be then, and, uh, the reason why I only played around with guitar was because
I idolized Bayla Fleck, and if you know who Bayla Fleck is, then you know that you don't
have any, any misconceptions about becoming Bayla Fleck.
You just like to play some music and play along, so, Bayla Fleck, Victor Luton, um, Mike
Stern, uh, I got into Chick-fil-A for a while because of Bayla Fleck, um, John
Schofield.
I liked a lot, I like a lot, um, and then I'm, I'm Real Miles Davis, Bill Evans, kind
of guy too, Bill Evans, oh my gosh, I play Bill Evans a lot, a lot, Bill Evans, um, and
then most of the time music is just, uh, reminiscent for me.
I play a lot of old stuff that I used to like or reminds me of old times, reminds me of
Nathan.
Um, I listened to Joe Sanger, you're listening to Thought Crime Live on Republic Broadcasting
Network.
This is our two of Thought Crime Live for February the 3rd, 2024.
Wow, time sure is flying in, and I'm joined today by Dr. Jonathan Cooey, JJ Cooey of
GigaOMBiological.com, and we've just been committing thought crimes here talking a lot
about the biology and the scyop that was known as COVID, and, uh, let me turn it back
to you, sir, I've already got a lot of feedback from people saying you should be a regular
guest and I knew that they would feel that way.
I've learned a great deal from following your stream.
Oh, thank you very much.
That's our question for JJ too.
Let me, let me toss this out to y'all.
If you would like to have a question, it's 512-248-8252.
We will take callers this hour.
Yes, sir, please go ahead.
Um, so I would, I would like to just put a shout out there for people, not only to look
for GigaOMBiological and join my streams and, and, and listen to my broadcast, but I would
like you to try and locate someone by the name of Jessica Hockett, um, and, uh, locate
someone by the name of Mark Koolack, who, who, who streams under the name Mark Hewsittonic
live on YouTube.
He recently lost his main channel because he covers some of the very same stuff that
I cover.
Um, and some of these people are better at seeing this elephant from other sides.
Another person that I really like your viewers to become familiar with is a guy by the name
of Denny, D-E-N-I-S, Denny Rancor.
He is a Canadian, um, used to be a physicist and a professor of physics, um, but lost
his job after an extended battle over free speech with the faculty.
He won that case eventually and so now he's just kind of a free thinker and he has done
a lot of analysis on all cause mortality.
So just for your viewers out there real quick, um, run through all cause mortality is just
what it sounds like.
All the people that have died every year in America, it might be of a surprise to some
people that between 2,700,000 and 3,000,000 Americans die every year, which is somewhere
between 50 and 65,000 Americans every week, every year all the time.
And so when they were telling us that there were a thousand people dying of COVID and
giving us no context in which to process that number, it sounds like a slaughter bath.
But if they had told you that every week in America, we expect between 55 and 65,000 Americans
to pass away from all causes, then it would be into a context that you might better to
be able to understand.
Now imagine if they had taken this and said that every year we lose about 15,000 people
to unexplained pneumonia and we save about another 50,000 people from unexplained pneumonia
every year and the way we do it is broad spectrum antibiotics and some steroids if it goes nuts.
And we stopped doing that and the deaths from secondary pneumonia went up as high as triple
they've ever been in the last two decades.
And so there are some fundamental aspects of how the medicine was executed, how medicine
was changed at the start of the pandemic that has been confounded as evidence of a spreading
pathogen when really it feels a lot more in retrospect like it was evidence of some spreading
bad ideas.
It's very, very well put.
Someone wanted me to ask, did you think there was any link with the 5G and the spread at
all?
That some people have speculated on that too, they just wanted your opinion on that.
Well I mean the 5G at the beginning of the pandemic was used more as a distraction and
so I can tell you that there were quite a few people that I was interacting with at the
beginning of the pandemic behind the scenes that were insistent that one of the ways that
the Chinese government or whoever was attacking us with this novel pathogen was going to work
against us, was going to confuse people by saying that the rollout of 5G was actually
what they were doing and that this whole COVID thing was a cover up and so it's interesting
that 5G was one of these major narratives that was tied into the beginning but then also
the brass tacks on the ground is that in a lot of places around the world they were indeed
rolling out 5G towers at the start of the COVID pandemic.
So it is not something that can be discounted but what you need to see as a passive or casual
viewer of this very interesting time in history is to see how aggressively the issue of 5G,
its technology, its potential danger for your children was completely confounded with the
presence of a pathogen and so instead of legitimately questioning whether or not these
high powered towers should be near residential areas we were instead arguing about whether
5G was capable of interacting with some nanoparticle that they may or may not have released and
so by having us get into these very vigorous discussions and these very limited debates
that have nothing to do with reality we have neither effectively questioned the spread of
a novel pathogen nor have we effectively questioned the safety of 5G and 5 years later
we are still asking the wrong questions about both of these issues.
And we have yet to question or hold the pharmaceutical companies liable for the vaccine.
So you know I wish I had never been vaccinated and I was bamboozled into taking something
into H1N1 scottop you know I got they I was damaged by those and pharmaceuticals have harmed me
I mean that's a whole other subject but I so much better without big pharma that just that's not
beneficial to humans it just it's just that just why I can't believe people are still buying into
that and it's killing people I care about you know you were talking about some people maybe you
have to be left behind or whatever that breaks my heart sometimes I know that you know this
thing is daunting and we have to talk to the kids you you mentioned that too let me let me we
have some caller caller already let me get the caller's question here Patrick and Texas
Patrick you have a question for John I do I think your doctor's gonna be a great asset for our people
because if there's a Rockefeller all-pathic medicine they've always it's even before Rockefeller
it was corrupt they were always you know they would not do what the Indians did are you steaming
tents natural remedies are very effective ten times more effective than in the point that they
were feeding you know people for acceptance they give mercury and stuff like that but you know to
think about it is like you know there's a 5G there's we're so sensitive there's a there's a study
where this there was a classroom where all the kids came down leukemia or vast majority of them and
they found out that these they were not opening the windows and letting sunlight come in and it was
all about the lights they weren't getting we're so just a simple thing is life full spectrum of
light can can lead to outbreak of leukemia you know what about 5G what's that gonna do to us
you're gonna give us all you know brain tumors I don't know but you know I think you know you know
is this is the Rockefeller all-pathic medicine that's you know that's as sparked this or is it
was it corrupt before this or how why are all the doctors so complicit it's a good question you
know part of it has to do with the way that they are educated I think a large fraction of it has
to do with the way that they are educated I mean if you talk to the average medical school graduate
now you're gonna find that that they may not even have a real immunology class they certainly
don't have a vaccinology class even though we've heard for the last three years that there are
all these people that call themselves vaccinologists I don't know where they learn their trade or
what school they trained in because it seems like a moniker that you just claim when you're on
this train where you think that vaccines are great and I I don't necessarily have the the
receipts to say that it goes right back to the Rockefeller family but I don't think that anyone
would argue with the idea that the Rockefellers fundamentally changed the way that medicine existed
in the United States by using weaponized piles of money to influence the way that medicine was
taught and influence the foundational principles of medicine to rather than looking at the patient
as a whole and and trying to decide what they're doing wrong that you could bring them back to well
being you try to think of something that you can give them that comes from your product line and
again this was you know what do we do with all these chemicals that we get from from the oil
industry what do we do with all this extra stuff that we have and we're finding they they
realize that this could all be products if we could be convinced that these things were
had medicinal value so I don't I don't I don't want to discard the the the callers I mean he's
definitely right that they have a seminal role in this but I also want to caution everybody
listening to not think that is as simple as the Rockefellers because the Rockefellers is actually
a pretty mainstream answer to this problem and I want to encourage everybody that that any of these
so you know right in front of your face answers to this problem are likely to be incorrect or at
least incorrect enough so that we're not going to get the get the touchdown that we want by saying
it was the Rockefellers we've got to go against we've got to go first of all we need to make sure
that we isolate live people and people that are currently at the heads of these weaponized piles
of money because that's really what it is we're we're dealing with wet piles of money that are
so big that that governments have to listen to them and that that is the unseen force that's working
in the background I don't know who or what their names are but I do know that there are piles of
money that are so big that they can influence individuals and influence whole governments and
that's where this whole problem lies because we think as people that watch TV that the way that we
we excise ourselves from this situation is to elect the right people but if all of the people
that we are allowed to elect are already under the auspices of these large piles of money then we
we are electing nobody and we are never really going to get out of this terrific answer thank you very
much thank you thank you for your Patrick yeah I'll point I say that you can vote for the puppets
but you never get to vote for the puppeteer that that's well put sir uh next up we have
Sherry in Kansas Sherry thank you very much for the call
uh do we have Sherry um JJ I'll tell you up front I'm more of a terrain theory type person than
germ theory um but and I I do believe that it's a lot of people just don't
detoxify because of all the crap they're putting in but and then crap in our environment um but
I've heard people say that if you're talking like the number of cells you have in our skin
sheet that a lot more of them are not considered our DNA but we couldn't live without them
and so when you talk about the 5G and all this this wireless energy in our environment
I mean it's got to be affecting stuff that keeps us healthy like those little bacteria and
you know everything in our microbiome
with their active denial systems we know they can cause people to crap and they can cause
people to change emotion it can be affecting that stuff too
I was gonna let you finish there I completely agree um the terrain and germ theory uh debate
is actually another one of these you know one side wins the other side loses kind of thing if
you if you fight for one of those as being the dominant theory then you're not really fighting
for the middle ground there which is really what we should be fighting for um I agree totally um
with your assessment and I would have gone there already with the previous caller in the sense of
saying that um the United States as a culture unfortunately the the masses the tv watching masses
are not taking care of themselves and they haven't taken care of themselves for 20 years because
the food hasn't been available the culture tells them to sit on their couch and watch tv
and and being overweight and unhealthy has become uh just what Americans are and this
is a fundamental thing that gets ignored every time that these people go to the doctor's office
there the doctor doesn't start with well if you wouldn't have mistreated your body for the last
25 years we wouldn't be here and so maybe we should reverse some of those habits that are that
brought you to this stage they are just looking for the product that they should give out the
product that they should sell the product they should prescribe and so these these issues I think
can't be underestimated and so if you if you can teach the children and teach young people that
that just by watching the amount of crap that comes into their body just by drinking clean
water just by by maintaining as you said the microbes in their gut and the microbes on their
skin and not using antibiotics all the time not using um products that that disrupt the microbiome
we as you said understand that that a a diverse and well functioning microbiome results in
in well-being in the sense of less depression it results in in more energy it results in better
health it results in lower weight all of these things and we can't underestimate how the American
culture with processed foods it's kind of making it almost a requirement if you're going to consume
these products then you're going to have a microbiome and you're going to have an immune system
that is necessarily compromised if you expose your skin to these cosmetics that have these
untested or unproven chemicals in them over years then you're going to develop immune
abnormalities you're going to develop digestive and metabolic abnormalities that cannot be explained
by our understanding of a healthy body and they cannot be explained by our understanding of how
pharmaceuticals work or don't work because we are not at starting at the foundation which is what
have you done to your sacred biology to set it out of balance and how long have you been doing
those things and those are questions that we don't ask and i'm assuming or hoping that that's
really the kind of point you want to make and i totally agree yes sir and not yet myself too
thanks sherry hey we'll be right back after the break y'all thanks for the call sherry be right
back folks just trying to keep it up holy cow
absolutely it is it has to be half the immune system because it's like half of your exposure
to the outside world is your gut and the other half is your lungs i mean
i do like the the old-fashioned guitar music
we can do call-ins i can do a call-in anytime i've got a phone number on my website it'll ring
on my website it'll ring on me right here i mean i could do it any night we can have a call in
um i we can definitely do that it's a nice way to have a show if you if you pick a night
um about it i'll do a call-in show that's fine i just don't think very many people are going
to call in but that's right i've always left coffee and after traveling so much to air up
south america in trying so many different coffees that were so good and that's my blower in the
background i apologize if you can hear that
happy birthday to kara jeff from earth happy birthday
happy birthday to your friend and lover happy birthday to kara you have to try out it's fresh
it is our birthday today right i think so and you will definitely see the difference
steve rayvon baby come on that guy was uh that guy was a spirit um
yeah steve rayvon is definitely somebody that can we skip last break yes you can
i don't need to break it's 10 21 we have a last break you really want to stay out of the system
are you prepared to buy into the biggest scams since the iraqitan are if not then put your money
where it belongs in your possession not steve rayvon used to play on a guitar that would cut up
the normal person's hands like i think he played with 13 gauge strings or something crazy like that
and then bent them all around two full steps i would have bloody fingers after 15 minutes of
doing scales on his guitar i bet gold backing the only gold that i want is just a beast
an absolute beast it's too bad that he had to drink so hard though i mean you know that's
what's too bad about it he should still be alive in my mind
to get the full story but maybe we wouldn't have gotten the same s-r-v had he not burnt out in
that way i don't know once you've read the whole story about the scam being perpetrated on an
unsuspecting public and how you can avoid being a victim by purchasing these beautiful
barterable tradable sheets of gold at tremendous savings sheets of gold i don't know why everybody's
selling all this gold and stuff it's weird i hope that it's a good idea i hope that gold
holds its value uh when the dollar crashes i don't know how that's gonna work
okay there's one at the bottom of the hour but the one we could skip would be at 50 minutes okay
well we'll see it's the bottom of the hour right now oh wow she is got a long ways yet
call kettle meringue limited remember no denar no celery and no carrots if you buy from someone
else tell them you want a you not be yes call kettle meringue lpd today at six zero two seven nine
nine eight two cattle might be better than gold yeah they're harder to store though i can keep gold
in a little drawer i would love to have cattle and some more chickens definitely
i mean i listened to lead Zeppelin too right come on great job jj says steven so i guess we're
still rocking yeah that's what i want to do we're going to join a co-op farm soon i think this
ringing probably will
prince you know my uncle actually sold prince's perfume for a while i i i crap you not
eh uh there was a time when my uncle was actually talking to prince um of course that business deal
went bad and now they're not they weren't friends anymore at the end but actually at one point my
uncle was at a party at at prince's house and they bumped into madonna on the dance floor i
crap you not that's that's actually happened in my family that's really bizarre prince yes
there was this this perfume that he did um it was like called 50 50 whatever and they may see
sold it and stuff my uncle made that perfume for him i'm not kidding and they didn't go well so
they're not friends now that was like i think that might have already been 20 years ago or something
but at some moment i had very high hopes that i was going to drive to minnesota and hang out with
prince that's funny i actually thought that might have been something
live on republic yeah i know prince's dead i'm steven douglas white and your host i really
appreciate you joining me uh that was we we were talking to sherry at kansas and i appreciate
those work kind work sherry this this man has taught me a lot that i followed his uh uh uh
streams on giga on biological and response to something that you said you could see the result
of me getting rid of big pharma and trying to readjust the toxins i take in uh probably i think
it might be on my page and army in but if you go to my facebook or or uh twitter i i uh
the facebook page has the the pictures of how i looked the day i started on army and i was sitting
on a little red ball outside of target and two years later so i had made a lot of changes and i
try to i'm not trying to brag about it so much i feel like it's a kind of prideful i say that
sometime but i want to encourage anybody that that thinks they can't make changes in themselves
that look i did this you can do it too you know people inspired me to try and and you guys rbn
was like a family to me too you know it just just knowing that people were listening really had
an effect on me i want to thank all the listeners for that too and ask you please keep rbn and they
keep these uh these conversations going too and and with that uh let me go to the next
caller we have uh Bill and Kentucky thanks for calling bill hey hey uh talk a good talk to you
again steven talk to you a couple nights you're in blackburn uh one one thing that you have changed
too besides look like you're better helping lost law weight and everything you got a lot more
hair you got so it's just more like a Robert Planter well i am that long-haired country boy
that's true you have a question for jay j sir yes i do i very much do but what do you know about
that i keep hearing about disease x or pandemic or epidemic x so do you have any inkling on what
that may be or is that just a rumor or what uh bill unfortunately um disease x was a generic
term for the next pandemic and it was already in use um i believe the first time really in 2018
and and it is something that um in these circles of bureaucrats and and and government operatives
it means the the next pandemic and so they're recycling this term and they they have never
used it at the wef until this year and so i do really think that this is a media campaign to give
you more reinforcing ideas that um that there is another pandemic coming in and it's very likely
to come and so they have to have this plan for disease x and the idea is to imply that there are
number of different possibilities and that's why they call it disease x i'm not
i don't at all believe that this is a threat to our children or to us um but i do believe that there
are ways uh you know using lies and and using other biotechnology that they could fool us into
believing that there was a disease x and so that's the kind of that's the kind of biology i'm trying
to teach and trying to get everybody to understand that that there are tools there are molecular
biological tools and signals that could be used and misconstrued as spread and whether or not
they did that this time um is up for grabs because it's a criminal investigation or at least it should
be so i don't have the answers but whether they could use it the next time is without a doubt
certain um they could definitely use the biology that i've described to create the next illusion
of a pandemic and uh i don't think this time they'll fool around i don't think this time they will go
use any half measures and that's what i'm most afraid about so if we can get our children to
understand this mythology before they pull that alarm um it would be really great so that's what
disease x is in a nutshell bill thanks for the call this is not a guarantee i'll never get it
or anything but i'm so far missed having the well having told it i've had that uh i take
z 50 milligrams every day vitamin c and uh bill we're coming up on the break sir i'm sorry to
interrupt you uh uh uh any uh can you hold on to the after the break oh no that's okay i i'll
i'll just go all right thanks for the call sir yeah appreciate you listed sir thanks for the call
i always appreciate your input be right back folks yeah i don't know how this works they
they get told how many i guess what it is is that they have a certain number of commercials they've
they've agreed to play and so the producer is is counting all of those things and uh he's trying
to make it so that they can skip the break at the end so he wants to skip the break at 50 minutes
before the hour and so i think that's why he's working in a little of these here
they are on an internet radio you can see it here um i don't know if they're on the radio radio
oops um
are they on the radio radio i can't really tell
i want the truth you can't handle the truth
you're listening to republic broadcasting network
you're listening to republic broadcast network real people because you can handle the truth
this guy is interviewing me his name is steven people off the right to tell us
whitener steven whitener steven douglas whitner
decendivite allow me to read a few after taking extendivite for about six months
i've noticed improvement on the numbness of my hands and wrists from the carpal tunnel syndrome
i will continue to buy product this formula is very powerful i am feeling much better
my heart rate and blood pressure is stabilized my lower edema has reduced and lower leg pain
due to blood clots has disappeared this product has relieved what appears to be an
angina problem pain in the chest after climbing stairs and short on breath i'm quite happy about
to order call 1-877-928-8822 or visit extendivite.com that's x-t-e-n-d-o-v-i-t-e.com
hey there are you gonna wait till the cows come home to get your new ease off drop and lift
but in the world is an easel up drop and lift
our ease off is a new tool to increase production for your meat processing company
that will get that whole hog or just to give you guys an update i think i'm gonna not stream
again today after this and instead i'm gonna work on getting the two previous streams up on
sub stack with a transcript and with subtitles um i hope i'll do a stream tomorrow but i'm not
sure yet because we have basketball tomorrow um but then the rest of them i'm gonna do a stream
tomorrow because i want to do a stream every day but i don't know when it's going to be and i don't
think it's going to be a big deal it'll probably just be a study hall um and then i am trying to
convert to daytime streaming now i'm hoping that i'm going to come on sometime between
one and two in the afternoon weekdays and then do a question and answer call in at night when i
have time um nine three two six four one nine and yes you can hire me as a tutor
um find your inner revelate um but yeah that's that's the plan moving forward i'm going to try
and put most of my streams um subtitled and sub-stacked um a few days afterward this week i felt behind
and i apologize but i i will finish those two this weekend that i think are worthy of it um the
us right to know scooby doo show and um and uh the other one that i did on ai yesterday um
so those two will be up on sub-stack over the weekend and i hope that the transcripts will be
edited as well so that'll be nice i think um and that's kind of one of the ways that i'm trying to
get the productive productivity up and the other way to do it is with um thank you with um
with uh putting out a pdf version of it i'm not sure um whether we're going to do a pdf of the
transcript or whether we're going to try to make a slide deck every week i think it's going to be
a slide deck but that's tricky because my slide decks are so moving and they're so layered that
when you make a print of them they don't come out right so i need to make a separate slide deck
which which which is corresponding to the one that i use in the live stream and that turns out to
be more work than you think because i got like 80 slides in a deck and so then those slides all
need to be broken up into their component parts or summarized in a way that's not moving and so
that's a little more work than i anticipated so that's that's where we are but the support is
coming in you guys are sharing and we're growing slowly so we've just got to keep hammering um
keep hammering is that a Joe Rogan guy's thing keep on hammering i think it is sorry i said that
i don't know if we can prepare for the crash other than if all of my neighbors were on my team
i would be better off and i think that's how you have to think about it if all your neighbors
are on your team then when the collapse does happen um it would be it would be okay you know um
back y'all you're listening to um thought crime live on republic broadcast network dot org
all right i just caught an echo there somehow
i don't know why that happened but
is it still happening yeah it's still okay now it's gone thanks i don't know what that was but
sorry folks i had a little echo but listen thanks for joining me and um i'm joined by jonathan
dr jonathan cooey jj coo and i want to let you give your uh cite out again for all the listeners i'm
sure that they would uh uh like to know that man also i wanted to mention to the folks in your stream
that if they they've never listened to rbn before last i wanted to recommend that last saturday i had
a show uh all was on mike gaddies rebel madman radio show we had the u.s.s. liberty survivors
on and if any of y'all have not heard that yet it was last saturday rebel madman radio you can
find it in the archives i wanted to recommend that very much to anyone who hasn't heard it and let
me let me let you give your information again too sir uh my name is jonathan cooey you can find me
at giga ohmbiological.com um giga ohm is kind of a hard thing to spell it's g-i-g-a-o-h-m
it is uh it is a lot of ohms um not to be confused with uh giga uh what was it uh uh giga watts which
was on um back to the future they needed to get 1.21 gigawatts in order to go back to the future
this is giga ohm which is resistance and it's uh it's a term that came from when i was a biologist
and so i liked being a biologist and this was my way of reminding myself that i once was an
academician and no longer am so giga ohmbiological.com thanks steve
okay thanks and next up we have art in georgia art thanks very much for the call sir
well you kind of you gotta throw a monkey wrench in there on me uh because that's exactly what i
was calling in about was people in the chat room were asking what the name was in the website
but since she's already got that out of the way i will ask there's another question in the chat
room and that's uh for those that might be interesting interested flotcrimelive.chattango.com
c-h-a-t-a-m-g-o flotcrimelive.chattango.com and it's an anonymous tech uh participant wants to
know if colloidal silver does any good like to support healthy guts um my long and short my
my short answer should really be i don't know um colloidal silver sounds like something that might
yeah i don't know that doesn't sound like something that i would necessarily use to augment my gut
bacteria i would really concentrate on using fermented foods so um sauerkraut yogurt fermented
vegetables this kind of thing is where you're gonna from from my understanding is much better
than trying to use any kind of inert substance to augment those microbes i think you should feed
them not not tweak them i think you should feed them um just feed them right that's what i do i do
a lot of uh kimchi and kombucha i think that's probably very very good i agree i i i i like the
fermented foods and my i can tell you my experience with the colloidal silver back when i used to
suffer all the time from sinus infections constantly i would snort some of the colloidal silver but you
know it never it it may help me breathe a little short term but it or kill some of those
bacteria up there but it through the the whole biome off until i stopped trying to intervene
and and tried to cure the problem i i i i would like to just piggyback on that because the last
couple collars have brought it up and i think we should all you know really reconsider the
importance that we attribute to the health of our guts and i really um and this is also something
that i'm learning now over the last couple years this is not something that i was preaching pre 2022
but i have come to understand and in fact you can look at the youtube channel that i was running
back in the day that i did a bike ride um that was actually about a study where they did an
anatomical tracing of neurons from the gut and they trace these neurons all the way back to
all kinds of different places in the brain so essentially the anatomy of a monkey if you look
at the connectivity between brain regions and the gut the connectivity with the gut is absolutely
extraordinary much more than what traditional you know cartoons of how the human body works in
in grade school would would describe it and in fact not only is the nervous system and the
central nervous system intimately connected to the gut but then you have this immune system
that is working with tolerance in the gut as as as a sort of symphony between a neurological
modulation of the gut processes and also an immunological modulation of the gut process so if you think
about the fact that your brain and your immune system are working in concert to decide what comes
in and what doesn't and what you utilize and what you don't utilize then you really almost
have summarized like 80 percent of all that it means to be human and you're talking only
about your brain your immune system and the microbiome of your gut and yet somewhere on the tv
covid has always been about the virus and about antibodies which have nothing to do
with the well-being and health of humans it's the scooby-doo it's the scooby-doo
diverse deception and yes that I agree completely I hey thanks very much for
call art and yeah hello Chad I really appreciate you guys I don't always I have sometimes my
wife will get it but I can't follow it usually while I'm talking I'm walking and talking so I
check it afterwards but thanks very much for calling in and giving that and next up I have a
fellow RBN host mr. William Rapilam hi William thanks for the call sir oh yeah hi Steven yeah
and hi JJ it's good to hear you um I agree with so much of what you say and I want to you know first
give my respects to this show and you know everything that's being discussed I wanted to address
something though I just want to ask you about are you familiar with Dr. Stefan Lanka I am
how they've debunked I am virology altogether yes using the the cell culture and he did the
cell culture experiment where he didn't use any sputum from a sick person got the exact same
result yes and then okay and then you know I just I didn't hear that kind of talked about
here I don't know you mentioned being sort of more in the centrist on the germ theory versus
terrain theory and I I didn't really understand why you took that position there I mean I'm just
I'm trying to go after the truth whatever that is I don't really have any I can I can take it from
there I think it's a really important question because I don't want anyone listening to think
that I think that Stefan Lanka himself is a loony tune I think he's he's a real grandfather in
this in this fight against this mythology um and he was around back when you know aids and these
kinds of things were the feature of this mythology what I want to stress to you and everyone else
with this question is that there is a very big danger um in in suggesting that all previous
biology with regard to viruses is is is fake is very different than being wrong and versus fake
and I think that a lot and I'm not saying that Stefan Lanka is doing it but I am saying that there
are other nefarious actors who have adopted the flag of no virus and then taken it to a logical
extreme which is now as divorced from biological reality as the model of again a function virus
that can that can accurately transcribe itself for five years straight there are both at this stage
there are people representing both sides of that equation in a ridiculous sense and the reason why
the no virus in the extreme is ridiculous is because it discounts often discounts the idea that
there are viruses at all and we know and I assure you that even Stefan Lanka knows that there are
viruses that carry genetic signals between bacteria there are viruses that carry genetic
signals between plankton and the ocean there are genetic signals that carry or there are viruses
that carry genetic signals between the the roots of trees and the the the rhizomes of the fungi that
are symbiotic with them in the soil so we know there are virus particles that are released in
the brain that that take RNA from one neuron to another there are endogenous viruses that are
responsible for moving pieces of RNA between our gamete chromosomes and actually crossing over
the reassortment of genes it gives us all of the variation in our children his is actually
modulated by endogenous viruses so we understand that these signals exist we understand that they're
there but what has been identified by these no virus people is the idea that these signals are
responsible for disease and they are not but remember that's different than saying that there are no
signals yes exactly and I so I want you to understand that I agree with them sure sure okay so this is
I don't know who you're speaking up to take no virus but I you know I listen to Dr. Tom Cowan
I listen to you know Dr. Andrew Kaufman and then there there's a lot of people in their camp
there is like the couple from Mark and Sam Bailey and they have been asking the people that are
saying that viruses are pathogenic to come to the table and debate them and you know there have
been a couple of attempts and they've absolutely failed they'll because their basis on their science
is based on a computer model they don't even use the cell culture anymore to organically produce
an actual genome can I can I interrupt here just to make sure just can I interrupt here
can I interrupt here because I really want you to understand that I'm not arguing with you that
I wait wait wait wait wait real quick let me just let me just compound that I did understand what
you said okay you're talking about viruses now if we were to find what is a virus right it's a
we agree that it's a it's a it's a strand of either RNA or DNA that's wrapped in a lipid coat
is that is that your understanding because that's the mainstream definition of what a virus is
and then the other question I would pose on that is that is it not an exosome well okay so you
you're opposing there you're putting questions and I love the questions but I really wanted to
interrupt you because I need to make an important point here and that is that when I was still
a consultant for Robert F Kennedy junior I reached out on behalf of CHD and I tried to make a bridge
with these no-virus people very specifically about the idea that RNA virology is a hoax and that
actually RNA virology is based on a bedrock methodology of RNA clones so they find sequences
in the wild they make a lot of DNA and then they convert that DNA to RNA and then that RNA will cause
cytopathic effects that RNA will cause an immune reaction in an animal if you inject it in their
nose that RNA will cause a sequencing reaction that's highly robust in a cell culture and so
all of the illusion of RNA virology can be created using laboratory proven bench techniques for
DNA manufacture and RNA manufacture and I reached out to the no-virus people two years ago to try
and explain to them that virology could use RNA infectious clones to lie about RNA virology
as a field and they chose to do one thing and one thing only and that is to discredit me
to call me a liar and to try to get me fired they didn't reach out and say oh let's hear more about
how it is that everybody could be fooled I'm talking about Christine Massey I'm talking about
Tom Cowan I'm talking about Alex Zeck and I'm talking about the two Bailey's all of them
I reached out to the Bailey's in 2020 and they told me they couldn't do an interview because she
was having a baby and then after that it was over no one would talk to me the moment they reach out
and say wow it's interesting that you've been trying to say that RNA RNA infectious clones could be
used to create the illusion of a pandemic because we didn't understand that's what you were saying
when we tried to ruin your family's life last year that's what I would like
because I got myself fired twice already for fighting through this biology and twice I've
tried to reach out to them to find out what they're saying and they have ignored me and instead tried
to lambast me and that's unfortunate because I want to I want to make a bridge here
I know I'm I'm dubious about this I I've got to because I've been listening to them for years
they've been trying to get somebody to come to the table every once in a while somebody will
but you're saying that they've taken you and they've swept you under the rug and covered you up
you can watch the video my friend there's a video with all there's a video with all five of them
addressing me and when they address me they insult me and they say that clones are imaginary
and I'm actually arguing that viruses are imaginary and they use clones to create the illusion and
they're ignoring me why would they ignore that why would they ignore that what do they do
what do these clones actually do they create the molecular signal that they say is impossible
which is a high fidelity RNA signal that can be sequenced using PCR and using Sanger sequencing
which they say is an illusion but it's not in the context of clones it's always been an illusion
in the context of these stupid bats but it's not an illusion when it comes to making DNA on a bench
they've been able to make DNA on a bench at high fidelity for 20 years and so the fact that
they've told you that oh we found this genetic signal it suggests that they could just put it
there and I've been arguing that from the beginning but it's not just that they're lying about they're
being viruses it's they're lying about the fidelity of this signal and they've placed it there and
told you it's viruses I'm trying to help them and they won't listen okay so they're not saying this
obviously because they don't report that viruses cause disease or pathogenic or
that they actually they won't have a discussion about how the illusion is created they just
want me to argue about isolation and and purification and I've already admitted that they can't do
that so let's have a discussion about what RNA clones are let's have a discussion about what
all these papers are and they won't okay all right well let me let me ask you something let me
ask you this okay so you have this lipid coded DNA sequence and it's claimed by mainstream science
that what happens is that DNA sequence will get into the cell biology cell you know machinery
and it will bind to the other DNA sequences in that cell machinery and in fact the in fact
uh and it actually starts then it would start replicating but by itself it's totally inert
without having to I spend hours and hours every night telling people that this is a lie that this
is not true that it's not possible for a cell to do something that it doesn't already do it's like
saying that you can take a cuckoo clock and make it to make toast you can't do that you can make a
cuckoo clock ding at the wrong time and you can make it read the wrong clock the wrong time but
you can't make it make toast and a virus cannot make a cell do something that it doesn't already
do and that's why viruses are just hijacking the machinery of exosomes which is something I've
also been saying for three freaking years come on yeah listen what I what I heard you explained
it was that these virology the cart was before the horse that exosomal biology should have been
the basis of virology of course it should have been of course it should have been
of course of course because they're purporting to analyze a signal that is predominated at this
size scale by signals that are endogenous and instead people like Nathan wolf and all of
others have convinced us that at this size scale the only thing that exists are viral pathogens
there's no endogenous communication there's no there's no signaling here it's just all viruses
and this is the lie this is the lie okay okay let let me let me try to understand okay so you
hey you're okay yeah i'm sorry i don't want to interrupt you we've got a couple more callers with
i i really appreciate uh i i hope that dr kooie will return people i've got a look people would
love to hear this again the more of this i think uh jj let me bring that up before we run out of time
uh i'm available every Saturday that you are my friend
terrific and hey can you can you stay with can you take the callers to yeah of course is that cool
can you stay and do you want to handle these yeah if you can we got two more callers here if you
want to hang out is that cool if we're trying to get through them before i go it's bob and utah
first bob thanks very much for the call you have a quick question for a jj jj yeah good job
william uh you covered most of uh what we expected i want to ask about the infectious clones what
exactly is the process uh by which uh these are synthesized or created in the lab um so it's a
it's a pretty standard technique that they're trying to give uh ralph barrick extra credit for
having developed but in reality um molecular biology on the bench has been creating DNA sequences
from scratch and cutting them into pieces and getting them to stick together again in the ways
that that they would like them to do that's how all molecular biology and academia is done and so
what what they've done with corona viruses is really weird because when they find corona viruses
before the pandemic they find a signal of RNA as signal meaning that they they can hear some noise
on a radio or they can find uh the the signs of somebody having been in a garage but they don't
have the person they haven't caught the intruder they've just found a sign and from that sign they
can they can purport to create recreate the whole intruder and so from this perspective what they're
doing usually before the pandemic was they were looking for a particularly conserved gene only
about 300 base pairs long and if they found that sorry what looking where looking in a bat
up there in a bat in a bat in a bat anus in people's lungs in whatever in some kind of sample they're
looking for an RNA signal which they can use PCR to find but that does not mean that that signal is
specific for something but they claimed it was now they've been telling us a story that if they
look with PCR they can also find other genes present in these in these bats but for some reason
when they put this into culture it never grows so the way that they have overcome this problem
is by assembling what they call a synthetic corona virus genome now is this a real thing
you're going to have to argue with these scientists about it but they claim to have found these genes
in the wild and if they assemble these genes using synthetic DNA then they can create some of
the effects of viruses in cell culture and in animals so what i'm telling you is that for the
last 15 years corona virus biology is based on one RNA signals that they claim to find in the wild
and two synthetic guys asked about in the lab hello i'm still talking i'm still talking
so so they they find this sequence in the wild and they create a DNA copy of it now the reason why
that's important is because the RNA signal like a cake can't just be put back in the oven and then
you pull out two cakes and then put the cake in the oven again you pull out three cakes RNA doesn't
work that way but DNA is like a recipe i can make lots of copies of the DNA recipe
so then what i'm suggesting to you is is that unlike virology where you can't grow a lot of a
virus if i wanted to make a lot of the SARS-CoV-2 sequence i could make a lot of it i could make a
truckload of it and then i could spread it out in different bottles and i could spill it in different
countries and wherever you looked wherever you looked for the PCR test
no no and that's the point that's the point no you cannot they in order to find this sequence in
the wild they need a hundred different primer pairs which makes it possible for a hundred
different error signals a hundred different false positives to result in them saying look we found
this sequence it's complete nonsense when i say clone they are making a pure RNA and they are
telling you that that pure RNA is natural that's what i'm saying and it's not it would be like saying
we're gonna make a million uniforms for an NBA team and then we're gonna say that's evidence that
this NBA team is popular that's not how this works
yes okay let me say this i don't want to are you with you because i know you've had a rough time
and you've changed your views a lot i want to talk to other people out there if if if there are no
real contagious viruses in reality i'm sorry to cut you off i'm sorry to cut you off bob we we're
coming up on the end of the show and i apologize to brian uh in uh washington uh we're not but
listen i really want to thank you again for joining me terrific show i hope you'll join me again
on rbn some of the other hosts may want to invite you on to because you know what you're talking
about your real thought criminal and and inspire me very much one more time as we go out give folks
your information my name is jonathan cooe you can find me at giga ohm biological dot com g i g a
o h m biological dot com and you can also find me on twitch with the same name giga ohm biological
it's a it's a channel unfortunately twitch isn't the best platform but that's where to find me for now
and you can look me up on my website thank you very much steve for having me great thanks very
much and rbn remember a thought crime a day helps keep tyranny at bay y'all be good to each other nice
well that was pretty cool oh i should spell my last name okay i will next time i will
all right thanks for joining me guys um i'll play it out i'm gonna hang up on him now here and uh
i'll play it out thanks very much for joining me um i won't be on the rest of the day i'm gonna
complete my two sub stacks and get those transcripts up today and tomorrow and maybe i'll be on tomorrow
well i will be on tomorrow because we're gonna do it every day um so thanks very much and i will
see you again soon
bye
You